from: david@abcd-angel-investors.eu

to: rebecca@email

date: 10-1-2024

subject: Hiring your starting staff

-------------------------

Hi Ms. Red,

In our last meeting we discussed the process of hiring your companies initial staff.

Has Susan gotten back to you yet? I reviewed her resume and she seems a good fit. Consider
offering het more compensation.

Glad to hear Harry and Hugh accepted their offers. Should be enough to get started actually
building the product next month.

Regarding your request to make an exception to our hiring policy for your friend, I spoke
to our investment coordinator and I'm afraid we can't do that. When attracting investors,
especially as a young person, credentials are everything. Thus we will require all staff
to have masters degrees until your debt is paid off. I'm sorry. Be careful making promises
in the future until the entire situation is known.

About the planning you submitted: In my opinion, it's a bit too optimistic. Even if 8 weeks
would normally be enough time to build a prototype, there will be a lot of admin work to
do during this time to get the new company set up. Estimating about half velocity for the
first six months is very reasonable, not to mention it would require a whole team and you
have found just 2 people so far.

Stressing to get a working prototype for TMSC seems like a waste of time. Creating something
that may not work properly in 8 weeks may hurt your chances in the future. The TMSC conference
is mostly targeted towards the industry while right now you need to prioritize finding more
investors.

I'd suggest aiming for a first prototype for ACL in April.

Also congratulations on finding the new place. Having a fixed location should really help
making the company feel real.

- David Brooke

Senior Startup Coach,

ABCD Angel Investments